feat: blog for using airflow [DO NOT MERGE] (#178)
posit-dev/connect-cookbook: content/restarting-content-using-airflow/index.qmd

---
title: Restarting Content using Airflow
---

## Problem

You want to implement an Airflow DAG that restarts content on a scheduled interval.

## Solution

:::{.callout-note}
This recipe uses Airflow 2.9.2.
:::

Let's define an Airflow DAG that runs every hour using the cron expression `0 * * * *`.

```python
import pendulum
from airflow.decorators import dag, task

@dag(
    dag_id="example",
    schedule_interval="0 * * * *",
    start_date=pendulum.now(),
    catchup=False,
)
def example():
    @task
    def restart():
        pass  # placeholder for task logic
    restart()

example()
```

> Next, we'll extend the `restart` task to intialize a client using credential information stored as *Airflow Variables*. See the [Airflow Variables documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/core-concepts/variables.html) for additional information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, let's extend the `restart` task to initialize a client using credential information stored as *Airflow Variables*. See the [Airflow Variables documentation](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/core-concepts/variables.html) for additional information.
```
